>> Jason Rodriguez: Add in some images
hopefully you already had some,
if not add a little logo similar to mine,
and then a hero image, use something
like Laurinpixel.com or something like
that if you don't have images ready and
make them responsive most importantly for
your email make them responsive by default
so that they scale appropriately
across the screen sizes.
>> Speaker 2: Question for you.
>> Jason Rodriguez: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Did you
say you're using an extension for
EMET or just the built in one for.
>> Jason Rodriguez: So I usually use EMET
when I'm coding something from scratch.
Like for any of the snippets
that I have been expanding.
Just speed things up as TextExpander.
>> Jason Rodriguez: So I have those and
a couple just saved for basic things
like a boilerplate for like an image.
>> Speaker 2: You created those,
that's not an extension.
>> Jason Rodriguez: Yeah.
There's a good tool, you can go Litmus.
We actually have like an online
community that has a bunch of resources.
You can go to
litmus.com/community/snippets.
And there's a bunch of like
crowdsource snippets for
things like that you can pull and
put in whatever system you need to.
>> Jason Rodriguez: Hopefully you all had
a chance to add some images to your email.
We can look at that code again real quick.
So we have our same email campaign.
We have the image that we added up here.
Again, we're not doing anything
responsive because it's that logo image.
It's small enough,
we don't need to really account for
it on mobile devices, it's not gonna
resize or do any weird stretching.
But the main one is this hero image we
added descriptive alternative text.
We added this width of 600.
So that in outlook it constraints properly
and it's not blowing out the layout.
And then most importantly,
for responsive stuff,
we added the max width to 100%,
min width to 100 pixels, and
then width 100% to make sure that it
scales cross those different device sizes.